Add documentation for redaction (DB-187) (#3949)
EventStore/EventStore: docs/operations.md

EventStoreDB requires regular maintenance with two operational concerns:

> - [Scavenging](#scavenging-events) for freeing up space after deleting events. In very rare cases, you may also need [Redaction](#redaction) as a last resort to blank out sensitive events.

Reviewer: I'd make that a seperate  point

Author: fixed :+1:

- [Scavenging](#scavenging-events) for freeing up space after deleting events
- [Backup and restore](#backup-and-restore) for disaster recovery

> In rare cases, you may also need [Redaction](#redaction) as a last resort to blank out sensitive events if [Scavenging](#scavenging-events) cannot be used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Perhaps we can leave this bit out. They shouldn't ever 'need' redaction, and they might also wonder why scavenging possibly can't be used. Since its a last resort rather than normal operational maintenance its probably enough to just have the section below

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

| YAML                 | `ScavengeHashUsersCacheCapacity`                |
| Environment variable | `EVENTSTORE_SCAVENGE_HASH_USERS_CACHE_CAPACITY` |

## Redaction

In EventStoreDB, events are immutable and cannot be changed after the fact. Usually when you have an event with data that needs to be deleted you should take the following steps:

- Rewrite the stream to a new stream without the offending data
- Delete the old stream
- Run a scavenge to remove the data from disk on each node in turn

If you cannot do the above steps, then you can use the redaction tool (the "redactor") to blank out the data of specific events.

::: warning 
Use the redactor as a last resort and only if you know what you're doing. Redacting events may lead to unintended consequences in your subscriptions and projections!
:::

### Prerequisites

Using redaction has the following prerequisites:

> - EventStoreDB version 23.6.0 or above. If running on Windows, Windows Server 2019 or above is needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- EventStoreDB Enterprise version 23.6.0 or above. If running on Windows, Windows Server 2019 or above is needed.
```

Author: fixed, thanks!

- Server configuration option: `EnableUnixSocket: True`
- The redactor tool (see steps below on how to obtain it)

### Getting the redactor

> Redaction is an enterprise-only feature. Due to its sensitive nature, the tool is available only upon request. Please [contact us here](sales@eventstore.com) if you do not have commercial support, or reach out to our support team if you do.

Author: fixed :+1:

| YAML                 | `ScavengeHashUsersCacheCapacity`                |
| Environment variable | `EVENTSTORE_SCAVENGE_HASH_USERS_CACHE_CAPACITY` |

## Redaction

> In EventStoreDB, events are immutable and cannot be changed after the fact. Usually when you have an event with data that needs to be deleted you should take the following steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In EventStoreDB, events are immutable and cannot be changed after they are written. Usually when you have an event with data that needs to be deleted you should take the following steps:
```

> - Rewrite the stream to a new stream without the offending data

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Rewrite the stream to a new stream without the data to be removed
```

- Delete the old stream
- Run a scavenge to remove the data from disk on each node in turn

> If you cannot do the above steps, then you can use the redaction tool (the "redactor") to blank out the data of specific events.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If this procedure is impractical in your use case, then you can use the redaction tool (the "redactor") to blank out the data of specific events.
```

::: warning 
Use the redactor as a last resort and only if you know what you're doing. Redacting events may lead to unintended consequences in your subscriptions and projections!
:::

### Prerequisites

> Using redaction has the following prerequisites:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using redaction has the following prerequisites:
- A commercial licence
```

> - EventStoreDB Enterprise version 23.6.0 or above. If running on Windows, Windows Server 2019 or above is required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A commercial licence
- EventStoreDB Enterprise version 23.6.0 or above. If running on Windows, Windows Server 2019 or above is required.
```

- Server configuration option: `EnableUnixSocket: True`
- The redactor tool (see steps below on how to get it)

### Getting the redactor

> Redaction is an enterprise-only feature. Due to its sensitive nature, the tool is available only upon request. Please [contact us here](https://www.eventstore.com/contact) if you do not have commercial support, or reach out to our support team if you do.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Redaction requires a commercial licence. Due to its sensitive nature, the tool is available only upon request. Please [contact us here](https://www.eventstore.com/contact) if you do not have commercial support, or reach out to our support team if you do.
```
